Hi, guys.
Walker In this section, we're going to start working on the others.
Okay?
Now, the first step we're going to need to take is we are going to create the fields we need for the
other.
Okay, not to do this over this mothers directory.
We're going to need to create a new file and we're going to call this file order.
On this score attributes we can just use the 80 arrow as a shot from and the section is thoughts that
okay.
Right.
Just going to get rid of this.
Okay.
Now we're going to create a class where we can just use control and be class as well.
We're gonna need to call this order.
It's Arrow.
Right.
Okay.
Now as well, we're going to say with.
Change.
No to.
No tears fire.
And as in all this, you can listen for changes we are making to the order.
I could get rid of this.
Okay.
Now we are going to create the fields.
Okay, fine.
The fields.
Fields.
The first field we need is going to be the product or the ID.
So we can just call this or the ID and it's going to be a test.
So it's going to be a desert type of string.
And this cycle of need is.
Foreigner.
The user ID that is the user holder in your product.
Okay.
And as well, we need the product ID.
But I'd.
And as well.
We need the okay.
It's going to be a test the tie to of the product.
Find the string.
We need the price of the products.
Find.
Image.
You're.
Oh.
The image to put up.
Right.
Okay.
As well.
String.
Okay.
We also didn't do need to.
Quantity of the product that is our many products the user is ordering.
Okay.
Or.
Chichi.
Okay.
And finally, we can add the date.
The product was order so we can see order dates.
Or the date.
This going to be a type of something known as tine.
Time.
It's time.
Okay, great.
Now, that's a fair title.
In order to easily refer to all this fields, we need to pass E to the constructor.
So whenever we call this class, we're going to pass the value to all this fields.
Right.
Okay.
So to do that, we just have to do first is to use controller allied first and then use control and
dots.
Then you can see create constructor for final fields.
Okay.
And at this.
Now over here, you're going to need to hide this and this.
Okay, so this.
Okay.
Now, what you can do is you can make this not required.
So any time we call this class, we don't really need to pass in all these fields, but we're going
to make this required.
Okay.
So I think this.
So to make it required layer, you can just say required.
You can see that here is gone to make it not required.
You can just see over here the question mark.
This means it can be no.
Okay.
So you can see the arrows, God boards whenever we call this.
Odor attributes, we want to be able to pass the value to it.
So once you can just do.
Or we must positive value to it.
Okay.
So I think this.
Get rid of this.
And so this.
And required.
As well require this.
So any time acquired this value it was we must pass in the value to that's available.
These are babies, right?
You can refer to them as fields.
For now, they have no value or one of the attributes of class.
They're going to be able to pass along the value to those variables.
All fields.
Okay.
Required and.
Required as well.
And as well required.
And as well require.
Okay, Grace, each country you're a to save.
Okay.
You can see.
Gave us a very good format.
Sorry.
We're only going to have to call my.
And.
Okay.
Sorry.
Great.
Okay.
These are the fields we need for the order.
You can add more if you weren't.
Okay.
We need to order the product.
Order ID the that we are going to be able to track orders.
Okay.
Something like that.
We need the user ID.
That is the user ordering the product and the product ID the title of the product.
That is the name of the product.
So we are going to know which product to sell to send for the user.
They also need to know the price of the product's user wants watches and the imagery hell attached to
that product.
Right?
So we are going to need to know the product and are going to put out the user wants.
Okay.
And as well, we're going to keep track of the date the user made that order.
And over here, in order to be able to easily refer to all this fields, we needed to pass it on to
the constructor and we made it required.
So any time we call this order attribute, then it's going to be a must pass in the value to all this.
As you can just avoid it by another question mark.
Why?
Which means the fields can be empty.
Okay.
You're going to need to get rid of that if you want to add a question mark.
This basically is.
And over here, where is the change or so far?
So, at least in the change we are making to the order.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.